README.md, before:

# ec2_test_server
Using Terraform, set up a web server on AWS EC2, using nginx for the web server and php-fpm.

# how to use

##  prerequisites

* Running environment : ubuntu 20.04 LTS on wsl2 
* Docker has been installed.
* Executed terraform account configuration by aws configure command.
  ```
  $ aws configure --profile [terraform-account]
  ```
* The environment variable AWS_PROFILE in the .envrc file has been set to [terraform-account] configured above.
  ```
  export AWS_PROFILE=********
  ```

## usage

1. initialize
  * Start terraform container
    ```
    $ docker-compose up -d
    ```
  * Enter the terraform container
    ```
    $ docker-compose exec terraform ash
    ```
  * Initializing the terraform environment
    ```
    /workdir # terraform init
    ```
1. create and edit tf file
1. run terraform
  * Verify the description of the tf file in the local environment.
    ```
    /workdir # terraform validate
    ```
  * Check for changes.
    ```
    /workdir # terraform plan
    ```
  * Apply the changes and start up the test server.  
  When you are asked if you are sure you want to run it, type ``yes`` if you are sure.
    ```
    /wordkfir # terraform apply
    ```
1. terminate ec2 instance
  * Delete the test server.  
  You will be asked to confirm whether you want to execute it or not.
    ```
    terrafor destory
    ```

# References

In constructing this environment, I referred to the following articles.

* [dockerhub : hashicorp/terraform](https://hub.docker.com/r/hashicorp/terraform)
* [github : terraform稼働開発環境](https://github.com/naritomo08/terraform_docker_public.git)
* [Terraform入門 : AWSのVPCとEC2を構築してみる](https://kacfg.com/terraform-vpc-ec2/)
* [Qiita : AmzonLinux2へのnginx + php-fpm + php7.2セットアップメモ](https://qiita.com/knymssh/items/15bb876da0688db5feb1)

Commit message:

add : information of variables.tf

README.md, after:

# ec2_test_server
Using Terraform, set up a web server on AWS EC2, using nginx for the web server and php-fpm.

# how to use

##  prerequisites

* Running environment : ubuntu 20.04 LTS on wsl2 
* Docker has been installed.
* Executed terraform account configuration by aws configure command.
  ```
  $ aws configure --profile [terraform-account]
  ```
* The environment variable AWS_PROFILE in the .envrc file has been set to [terraform-account] configured above.
  ```
  export AWS_PROFILE=********
  ```

## usage

1. initialize
  * Start terraform container
    ```
    $ docker-compose up -d
    ```
  * Enter the terraform container
    ```
    $ docker-compose exec terraform ash
    ```
  * Initializing the terraform environment
    ```
    /workdir # terraform init
    ```
2. create and edit tf file

You should modify variables.tf according to the VPC configuration you wish to build.

3. run terraform
  * Verify the description of the tf file in the local environment.
    ```
    /workdir # terraform validate
    ```
  * Check for changes.
    ```
    /workdir # terraform plan
    ```
  * Apply the changes and start up the test server.  
  When you are asked if you are sure you want to run it, type ``yes`` if you are sure.
    ```
    /wordkfir # terraform apply
    ```
4. terminate ec2 instance
  * Delete the test server.  
  You will be asked to confirm whether you want to execute it or not.
    ```
    terrafor destory
    ```

# References

In constructing this environment, I referred to the following articles.

* [dockerhub : hashicorp/terraform](https://hub.docker.com/r/hashicorp/terraform)
* [github : terraform稼働開発環境](https://github.com/naritomo08/terraform_docker_public.git)
* [Terraform入門 : AWSのVPCとEC2を構築してみる](https://kacfg.com/terraform-vpc-ec2/)
* [Qiita : AmzonLinux2へのnginx + php-fpm + php7.2セットアップメモ](https://qiita.com/knymssh/items/15bb876da0688db5feb1)
